Adding HTTP/1.x metrics tab on network profiling widget (#10044)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Fix update metric processor for the readRecords and remove readSampledRecords from metrics selector.
* Add trace association for FAAS dashboards.
* Visualize attached events on the trace widget.

> * Adding HTTP/1.x metrics tab on network profiling widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add HTTP/1.x metrics and HTTP req/resp body collecting tabs on the network profiling widget.
```
